com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/LegalCustomerSearchController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.LegalCustomerSearchController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/RealCustomerCreationController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.RealCustomerCreationController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/RealCustomerUpdateDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.RealCustomerUpdateDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/service/RealCustomerService.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.service.RealCustomerService
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/CustomerUpdateDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.CustomerUpdateDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/CustomerSearchController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.CustomerSearchController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/service/LegalCustomerService.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.service.LegalCustomerService
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/RealCustomerDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.RealCustomerDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/CustomerApplication.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.CustomerApplication
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/LegalCustomerCreationController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.LegalCustomerCreationController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/repository/CustomerRepository.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.repository.CustomerRepository
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/RealCustomerCreationDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.RealCustomerCreationDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/LegalCustomerUpdateDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.LegalCustomerUpdateDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/domain/Customer.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.domain.Customer
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/LegalCustomerCreationDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.LegalCustomerCreationDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/CustomerDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.CustomerDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/service/CustomerService.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.service.CustomerService
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/domain/LegalCustomer.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.domain.LegalCustomer
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/repository/RealCustomerRepository.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.repository.RealCustomerRepository
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/LegalCustomerDto.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.LegalCustomerDto
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/CustomerCreationController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.CustomerCreationController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/dto/Location.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.dto.Location
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/controller/RealCustomerSearchController.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.controller.RealCustomerSearchController
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/repository/LegalCustomerRepository.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.repository.LegalCustomerRepository
com/mapsa/webstore/customer/domain/RealCustomer.java
 com.mapsa.webstore.customer.domain.RealCustomer
